now it's a party oh wait could you doing
something that's really weird what will
you do it for me it depends as long as
the nuns stupid or embarrassing oh no
it's not even though it's busy fuck off
actually you know what I'm gonna have
all my friends file complaints oh my god
hi I'm a 53 110 pounds 10 blue eyes blue
screen is I are you tell me well um
about six foot dark-dark hair brown eyes
athletic body not a muscle head you know
but I got an athletic body oh yeah
knocking oh ye son really hot I you
wouldn't be the first female oh so me
that you guys haha mmm yeah you can be
still okay so no rush Oh Mike would you
ever do a threesome with a guy coming
kind of into that oh you mean you mean
like two guys one girl yeah yeah I me
know if it was one of my friends and
shit all right like it like
hypothetically this guy was fuckin on
your app like in your house like how
would you moan like could you do that
for me I guess I can try shit it
probably won't they were hired can't
promise that would be something you know
that your vision you can keep trying if
you like Lizzie like we try like one or
two times like it hi so like you said
the man right now he'd be fucking me in
the ass right oh stop please oh so good
or what oh yeah yeah that was really
good like I biggest smile on my face
because that's just amazing oh well I
have standards on such in another man's
penis you know oh like something like
super high what do you do it hell man I
mean if it was to get the move keep and
keep it going shit I like for me because
I would like get me going a lot like I'd
last for hours with that I mean it like
i said if he was to keep them moving
shit why not you know they only live
once fuck it Oh see you want me to go to
go to homeboy first yeah yeah well if I
had to say so I probably get him in that
the full full body latex suit right with
latex masking and his zip open lips yeah
and then I put him I put him on this
bench right facing down on of course to
where his hands and his legs and his
feet will be shackled to where he can't
even move an inch then at the same and
then at the same time a zip over that
little mouth of his and then put that
damn gag in his mouth right and then um
of course afterwards that's when the
toys come out to play like I get one of
those um was in the latex suit or
whatever I could get one I get one so
where's ifs open down below right and
then general swears balls and shit hang
out you know them clamp them a little
close pants or whatever ya say you put a
few it out you put one you put a few of
those on his nuts I'll make him ring and
then at the same and then at the same
time I'd be I'll be wrapping up ripping
up that damn penis of his right nice and
I mean tight but not too tight i put it
to tell you and cut off the damn
circulation but you know cuz
hey Dad hell that thing fires pop off
just like that you know and then I may
I'll be screaming I rectal bleeding and
it'd be my fault with the clothes means
I still be whooping his ass right but
same time like you say not be using that
oil on my man shit you know I'll just
jerking him off Oh going to detail like
when you're jerking them off like like
how hard your squeeze incest well um let
me see I just be squeezing enough like
winning them damn stress balls at the
same time I'm squeezing like I mean I'll
be squeezing the hell out of it while at
the same time are you beating his ass
then that is there I'm squeezing it of
course stroke it shit i have a question
real quick um okay do you do me a favor
and like like bake for somebody's dick
in your mouth like just be like oh yeah
uh he'll only cuz you say it please
though only cuz you say it please yeah
yeah put that dick in my mouth man right
now I'm a question another question yeah
how would you be this is on youtube Oh
about to say damn there goes my whole
life story
you